This is my girlfriend Li Xiaoya
Welcome to my birthday party
Hello uncle
Li Xiaoya
What are you doing here?
You are not welcome here
Get out now
Understand Xiaoya is now my girlfriend
You can't do that to him.
How did Yufeng find such a lively woman as her girlfriend?
Jiang Shanshan
Speak nicely
Did you know he used to be in a modeling agency?
Let's go
Today is my birthday party
Do you want to fall out?
Why are you with Yufeng?
What do you want?
Yufeng and I met before we met you
I didn't know he was your nephew
You want to be with him first
Wait until he gets tired of playing
Just like you did with me
Chaos begins and ends
You really know how to fight back
You don't need to worry about me and Yufeng